So we just wanna take a quick look back at
what we've talked about in this lesson.
First off, we showed you guys the boot
loader where you see all the dip
switches located on the bottom of the
board underneath the micro SD card slot.
We also mentioned how there's mutual
exclusivity between the micro USB and
the other USB ports.
We've also talked about booting
up the board for the first time.
>> On multiple operating systems.
>> Yeah, whether you use an Android or
Ubuntu or flashing in between.
>> We taught you how to
get your development
options set up by basically
enabling your USB debugging.
So that's a very important
thing that you should know.
We definitely looked over
how to test a variety of
the components just in a very superficial,
simple way by basically accessing
the Internet and doing stuff like that.
And then we kind of went over a few
things, and gave you some tips on how to
take care of your board to make it
last as long as possible, so yeah.
>> Yeah, I know it's pretty and
shiny but don't pump that in it.